‎SPOOKY IN LOVE
‎CEO CHEON YEO-RI
‎EPISODE 2
‎Why do you run away ‎whenever we meet, Ms. Cheon?
‎I wasn't running away. I was avoiding you.
‎Why avoid me like I'm some kind of virus?
‎Okay, fine. So you avoided me.
‎Why do that ‎if you're not guilty of anything?
‎People who aren't guilty ‎can avoid others if they want.
‎Oh, so you ignore everyone to start with?
‎To be honest, I couldn't stand you.
‎You left a terrible first impression.
‎I'd say you're just as bad in that aspect.
‎So what is it that you want to know?
‎You reported the body on Mt. Haewang, ‎didn't you?
‎You caught the culprit and found the body.
‎Does it matter who reported it?
‎There could be more than one culprit,
‎and it's too suspicious ‎that you knew where the body was.
‎Are you saying
‎that I'm the accomplice?
‎If something feels off, ‎isn't it best to cover all bases?
‎Delusion must come ‎with being a prosecutor.
‎Let's say I'm here to check facts.
‎How did you know the body was there?
‎You seem to have asked ‎all you wanted to know.
‎Please leave.
‎What's the point of asking ‎when you didn't answer a single one?
‎Tell me just one thing.
‎How did you know the body was there?
‎I was told.
‎By whom?
‎-By a ghost. ‎-What?
‎Are you kidding me right now?
‎Why ask if you won't believe me?
‎Are you a psychic medium or a shaman
‎-for a ghost to tell you that? ‎-Ms. Cheon.
‎Did I hit the nail on the head?
‎Now I feel bad for no reason.
‎Hey!
‎I can't believe I'm seeing this.
‎What are you doing in a place like this?
‎I come to such places often, ‎to enforce search warrants.
‎What do you think? ‎Totally luxurious, right?
‎The owner of this hotel ‎is my future cousin-in-law.
‎Want me to pull some strings ‎and get you a membership?
‎You really must have a thing for hotels.
‎Jang Eun-ju disappeared from a hotel too, ‎didn't she?
‎Why would you bring her up?
‎Just you wait.
‎I'll find Jang Eun-ju's body,
‎no matter how well you hid it.
‎You have quite the imagination.
‎Nice jacket. Looks good on you.
‎Ghosts tell you stuff?
‎Like what?
‎It's nothing.
‎I was just joking.
‎Shaman Baek's suppression ritual ‎to stop you from seeing things.
‎Did it fail?
‎Of course not.
‎Don't you act rash.
‎There are eyes and ears everywhere.
‎A strange rumor has been ‎going around already.
‎What kind of rumor?
‎That you were ordained as a shaman.
‎I assume it was your ex-fiancé's family ‎who started it.
‎Just make sure ‎you don't get caught up in gossip.
‎I'll be careful.
‎Oh, right.
‎About the Competitiveness ‎Improvement Strategy.
‎I thought you'd suggest ‎we drive Reina forward with an upgrade,
‎just as luxury brands ‎have their high-end tier.
‎Reina Seoul will stick to the strategy ‎to upgrade and improve.
‎The same goes ‎for the Busan and Gyeongju branches.
‎But if we consider the brand as a whole,
‎we need a strategic revamp ‎to change our structure.
‎It's not a decision ‎to make here and now,
‎but I thought of CL Raymond Hotel.
‎I find their brand strategy ‎quite appealing.
‎When CL Group opened their first hotel,
‎they collaborated with Raymond, ‎the global hotel chain, to succeed.
‎It's true that global hotel chains ‎are entering not only Seoul,
‎but other larger cities as well.
‎Still, I'm against it. ‎Why bother paying a fee to use a name?
‎They opened last year ‎and you know how much they grew.
‎It's not a bad idea.
‎Give it some thought.
‎It's me. Where about are you?
‎Where else? ‎I'm on my way back to the office.
‎Didn't you take the day off?
‎Why would I take the day off?
‎People like me don't have the time ‎to take days off.
‎I've reminded you so many times ‎since last month.
‎You must do a good deed today ‎during the Hour of the Monkey.
‎I'm not some high schooler ‎collecting good deed miles for university.
‎Good deeds only work out ‎if they come from the heart.
‎What's the point in doing good ‎on an auspicious day just to avoid evil
‎My goodness.
‎My one and only grandson ‎doesn't listen to a word I say.
‎If you think that little of me,
‎I don't see the point ‎in living any longer.
‎I've outlived my welcome.
‎Come on, don't say that. ‎You're breaking your grandson's heart.
‎I'm on my way, okay?
‎I'll take the afternoon off.
‎Careful, kids.
‎You said you wanted this last time.
‎-Be careful, guys. ‎-It's mine!
‎-One, two, three, let's go! ‎-Let's go!
‎Pass it forward.
‎We lost the ball!
‎Oh, no.
‎-No, don't lose it! ‎-Get it!
‎Hey, no.
‎Foul! That's a foul!
‎-You couldn't block that? ‎-He aimed too well.
‎-No, it's just that ‎-How did you miss it?
‎-That is bad. ‎-Oh, no.
‎We replaced that window ‎just three days ago.
‎The director's away on business, right?
‎Yes, that's true.
‎I'll destroy the evidence.
‎The director's office is locked ‎and we don't have the key.
‎There's always a way.
‎A way?
‎I found the ball!
‎People who stayed in the rooms near Jang's ‎around the time of her disappearance?
‎Yes, those who stayed in the rooms ‎next to, above, and below hers,
‎the times they checked in and out, ‎and their alibis for that period.
‎Got it.
‎Okay.
‎Park Seung-jae sunk thrilling shot ‎after shot at the championship
‎and is now top of the leaderboard ‎in the third round.
‎Wow, you ripped the green ‎like you were shredding a stage.
‎This is embarrassing. Let's just drink.
‎Mr. Park. You're pretty cool.
‎This is just between us,
‎but isn't that score a miracle ‎compared to your previous games?
‎I mean, data is science,
‎but what beats science is luck.
‎I guess I got a lucky break.
‎-That's it. ‎-Yeah, nice.
‎-Mom. ‎-Yes?
‎Should we ask Shaman Baek ‎to write him a talisman
‎so his luck doesn't run out?
‎Well
‎Why not? They say ghosts control luck.
‎Shaman Baek is best at handling spirits, ‎like what he did for Yeo-ri.
‎Ha-ri.
‎Was Ms. Cheon ever possessed by a ghost?
‎Gosh, no.
‎She wasn't possessed.
‎She's a ghost herself, ‎the type that drags others down.
‎She totally badmouthed you last time.
‎Me? What did she say?
‎What was it again?
‎That you dumped your ex for my money ‎and that you're a parasite.
‎Hey, don't.
‎What? She did say that.
‎You can't just barge in like that.
‎What do you want?
‎Ms. Cheon, ‎I hear you've been talking reckless.
‎That I'm a parasite who dumped my ex
‎for Ha-ri's money.
‎What was that smirk about?
‎Cheon Yeo-ri. Do you hate me that much?
‎Am I not good enough for your cousin?
‎Not good enough doesn't even cover it.
‎The truth is, Jang Eun-ju
‎came to our hotel before she went missing.
‎Hello, ma'am.
‎I'll speak with her. Can you excuse us?
‎Yes, of course.
‎You want to reserve Siena Hall?
‎Yes.
‎Is there a problem ‎for you to come see me in person?
‎No, there's no problem.
‎It's just that the name of your groom
‎made me wonder if it's the person
‎I happen to know.
‎Yes, it's him.
‎You see, there's nothing else I can do,
‎so I had no choice but to come here.
‎He asked me to marry him ‎and put this ring on my finger,
‎but then he broke up with me ‎and started dating someone else.
‎I'm pregnant.
‎I can't live without Seung-jae.
‎Will you please help me?
‎What stupid crap is this?
‎You think she got pregnant ‎just from holding hands?
‎-You're saying it wasn't you? ‎-Of course not!
‎She's a professional ‎when it comes to bluffing and lying.
‎You don't believe what she said, do you?
‎I guess the only way to find out
‎is to set up a three-way encounter.
‎A three-way encounter?
‎You, me, and who else?
‎Jang Eun-ju.
‎Just how would you sit ‎face-to-face with the dead?
‎You said she wasn't dead, but in hiding.
‎Wasn't that the story you told?
‎Well, yes. She disappeared.
‎If something feels off,
‎isn't it best to cover all bases?
‎Let's go for a three-way encounter.
‎So you're saying ‎Jang Eun-ju is coming here?
‎She could be here already.
‎Come on in.
‎Is there anything that seems off?
‎Not yet.
‎What about the call history?
‎I didn't find much from that either,
‎other than what we mentioned ‎in the previous trial.
‎I don't think we'll find anything new.
‎Evil is thorough and meticulous, ‎so it stays well-hidden.
‎We must find something ‎we might have overlooked.
‎Something to overturn the verdict ‎in the second trial.
‎A smoking gun.
‎Well, the best smoking gun would be
‎Jang Eun-ju's discarded body.
‎You asked for me?
‎Mr. Park will be on his way out.
‎Make sure to give him ‎some free merchandise.
‎Yes, ma'am.
‎Your secretary is Jang Eun-ju?
‎You already knew
‎there was no way Jang Eun-ju ‎would walk through that door.
‎You have a way of cornering someone.
‎We'll be in-laws soon, you know.
‎By the way,
‎Eun-ju asked me to tell you this.
‎She hopes you win this championship.
‎-What? ‎-She says
‎the higher you are, the harder the fall.
‎I'm rooting for you
‎and your most monumental fall.
‎Monumental fall, my ass.
‎-Wait. ‎-What?
‎-I've seen her somewhere. ‎-Where?
‎There.
‎The woman in the photo ‎on Park Seung-jae's phone.
‎We suspected that he was dating her too.
‎I think that's her.
‎She stayed in the suite ‎right next to Jang Eun-ju?
‎Could this be a coincidence?
‎Yes, this is me.
‎But who took this photo?
‎Do you know Park Seung-jae, the golfer?
‎-I do know him. ‎-You do?
‎How do you know him?
‎I had a job interview ‎with another airline.
‎My flight schedule got messed up,
‎and I had to rush as soon as I landed.
‎You seem to be in a hurry.
‎I'll give you a ride ‎if we're going the same way.
‎He was a first-class passenger ‎I'd seen a few times,
‎and he was pretty polite.
‎I got in the car ‎thinking he was being nice.
‎Thanks to him, ‎I got to the interview in time.
‎Did you see him again after that?
‎No.
‎Then were you ever at Lavo
‎-Laviem. ‎-Yes, Laviem Hotel.
‎Did you ever stay there?
‎Never.
‎Isn't this you?
‎You say you've never been there, ‎but when you checked in,
‎they confirmed your ID card.
‎They checked my ID card?
‎Yes.
‎Come to think of it,
‎I must've left my wallet ‎in Mr. Park's car that day.
‎It was delivered to my airline office ‎by courier a few days later.
‎Right, I see.
‎Thanks for cooperating.
‎We need your signature ‎to confirm your statement.
‎Please sign right here.
‎You're right-handed.
‎Yes.
‎Park Seung-jae is a leftie.
‎The story seems to be coming together, ‎doesn't it?
‎-Good shot! ‎-Good shot!
‎He's playing so well today.
‎He's so good.
‎-You're doing great! ‎-Good shot!
‎I got Park Seung-jae's receipt ‎from the wig store.
‎Where are you right now, Mr. Ma?
‎I'm putting ‎the final puzzle pieces together.
‎See you back at the office.
‎The time the flight attendant ‎entered the room next to Jang Eun-ju's
‎was 10:17 p.m.
‎If the two suites ‎share an outdoor terrace‎
‎he could've easily gotten into Jang's room ‎avoiding the cameras outside.
‎If
‎Park Seung-jae, ‎disguised as the flight attendant,
‎checked into the room next door ‎to get into Jang's room
‎The time the flight attendant ‎left her suite
‎was 10:40 p.m.
‎The lobby camera caught her at 11:05 p.m.
‎It took her 25 minutes ‎to get from the suite to the lobby.
‎The white sheet ‎peeking from the suitcase in the corridor
‎was no longer visible ‎in ‎the ‎lobby ‎footage.
‎The only place ‎Park ‎Seung-jae ‎could've ‎gone ‎to
‎in the missing 25 minutes is
‎PENTHOUSE FLOOR
‎Oh, my back
‎What was that for?
‎What are you doing here?
‎I should ask you that.
‎I'm working a case.
‎I'm handling a private complaint.
‎Does that mean
‎the reason you're here is
‎-It's going in. ‎-It went in.
‎What's going on, Seung-jae?
‎Will you give it more thought?
‎What is there to think about? We're done.
‎I'm pregnant.
‎Hey.
‎Don't lie to me. I'm off.
‎-I'm serious. Just wait. ‎-What's wrong with you?
‎-Please think it over. ‎-Let go of me.
‎I said, let go of me!
‎Hey.
‎Jang Eun-ju.
‎Hey. Wake up.
‎The winner of the Astra Championship.
‎With a total of 270 strokes, 18 under par,
‎the winner of this championship ‎is Park Seung-jae.
‎Over the past four days, ‎he scored 66 strokes, 69 strokes,
‎then 68 strokes, ‎and 67 strokes on each day.
‎A shocking score ‎of 270 strokes, 18 under par
‎has made him the new champion ‎of the Astra Championship.
‎The hosting chairman ‎is now awarding him the trophy.
‎Please give him a warm hand of applause.
‎Ha-ri.
‎This is for you.
‎Can you come and take some photos?
‎-Look over here, please. ‎-Gosh, what are you doing?
‎Over here, please.
‎-Can you tell us how you feel? ‎-Look over here too, please.
‎-Over here. ‎-This way. Yes.
‎-Over here, guys. ‎-Look over there too.
‎-How about a winning pose? ‎-One, two, three.
‎Look over here.
‎-What is that? ‎-What's going on?
‎-Hold on. ‎-Who are they?
‎-What's that? ‎-What's this?
‎-Who is that? ‎-Who's that?
‎Hey!
‎You happy, man?
‎What's that punk doing here?
‎Stop.
‎Gosh. What killer weather.
‎What's going on?
‎Gosh, what brings you all the way here?
‎Are you here for a search and seizure?
‎Yes, but it's you and you alone.
‎Take a look.
‎PRO GOLFER PARK'S EX JANG FOUND DEAD
‎PARK WANTED AS LIKELY SUSPECT
‎BODY FOUND ON HOTEL ROOF, ‎PARK SEUNG-JAE TO BE QUESTIONED
‎POLICE INVESTIGATE PARK AS MAIN SUSPECT
‎What are you up to?
‎What do you think? ‎I'm up to official business.
‎SEARCH AND SEIZURE WARRANT
‎Why you
‎Escort him away.
‎Park Seung-jae, you're under arrest ‎for suspected murder and body dumping.
‎-Stay still. ‎-What?
‎It wasn't me.
‎Didn't Jang Eun-ju go into hiding?
‎Did you really kill her?
‎I didn't kill her.
‎Let go of me!
‎-Come quietly. ‎-It wasn't me!
‎Hey, you. Hold on a minute.
‎Ms. Cheon had a message for you.
‎"Congratulations ‎on your most monumental fall."
‎Get going.
‎-Let's go. ‎-It wasn't me!
‎I didn't do it!
‎We should go.
‎Hey! It wasn't me!
‎-This is Ma Gang-uk. ‎-I know.
‎I passed on the message ‎about his monumental fall.
‎You didn't have to report back to me.
‎Bye then.
‎No, wait.
‎I was too preoccupied earlier ‎to hear your answer.
‎How did you know the body was there?
‎Cheon Yeo-ri.
‎I have to go.
‎She has zero manners.
‎How could you do this to me?
‎What were you doing at the place
‎that woman's body was found?
‎PRO GOLFER PARK'S EX JANG FOUND DEAD
‎It's not even one of our branches. ‎You reported it, didn't you?
‎Are you ruining my engagement ‎because yours fell through?
‎Watch what you say in my hotel.
‎Do you think I'm in the mood ‎to watch what I say?
‎Don't you see the big picture?
‎The man you almost married ‎killed someone.
‎Do you think ‎you could live with a murderer?
‎I could if I didn't know.
‎I could if nothing came to light.
‎-Have you lost your mind? ‎-How dare you do this out here?
‎What's the point in fighting Ha-ri?
‎You have my full support,
‎but Ha-ri, Dong-jun, ‎their mom Director Ok,
‎and the executives who favor them ‎will fight hard for the equity.
‎Yes, I'll be more careful.
‎The PR Team will release a statement ‎on Ha-ri's engagement.
‎She's already upset as it is, ‎so don't do anything to provoke her.
‎As for the CL Raymond Hotel business ‎I mentioned last time,
‎at least get in touch with them ‎before rejecting it outright.
‎You didn't bring it up again, ‎so I thought that matter was closed.
‎Actually
‎Well
‎Their CEO approached me with an offer.
‎He seems quite eager too.
‎Why don't you hear what he has to say?
‎CORRECTIONAL SERVICES ‎ADVANCING ORDER AND HUMAN RIGHTS
‎He wants me to lie low?
‎He won't help me out then?
‎That's the best we can do for now.
‎So this is what my dad's like.
‎He milked me for all I'm worth ‎with the arranged marriage,
‎but now that he's at a loss, ‎he'll cut ties with me?
‎I've done as he said,
‎and now he thinks I'm some livestock ‎that he grazes, doesn't he?
‎Pardon?
‎Give my dad a message.
‎The cub of a tiger is still a tiger,
‎not some livestock that crawls on command.
‎Don't say that. ‎The assemblyman cares a lot about--
‎Come on.
‎You're his lawyer, ‎so you know what my dad has been up to.
‎Illegal favors, bribery, ‎even trading shares in borrowed names.
‎Getting a freeway to curve ‎right through his land was a work of art.
‎I saved every bit of evidence
‎of his deeds onto a flash drive.
‎Pass him a message.
‎Tell him I'll see what his next move is
‎before I decide what mine will be.
‎According to medical records, ‎the late Jang Eun-ju
‎had psychological issues ‎including symptoms of delusion.
‎EMERGENCY PRESS CONFERENCE: ‎ASSEMBLYMAN PARK, PARK SEUNG-JAE'S FATHER
‎The deceased falsified her background,
‎education, and work experience, ‎practically everything.
‎She approached my naive son ‎with an ulterior motive,
‎and spread groundless rumors ‎to tarnish his reputation.
‎Not only did she use them for blackmail,
‎-she took large sums of money ‎-We found her body
‎and found clear evidence of her murder.
‎This is how the powerful ‎use the media to change the narrative.
‎At the rate of how this is going,
‎the appeal might not go as planned.
‎He's digging up the victim's past
‎to tarnish her character ‎and change the public's mind.
‎I have to say, he's a pretty great actor.
‎Let's see how powerful your dad is. ‎I won't just sit around myself.
‎Hey, Park.
‎You never called ‎since you got transferred to Jeju Island.
‎I have been in touch.
‎My wedding's this weekend ‎and only you haven't RSVPed yet.
‎-What kind of friend are you? ‎-A wedding?
‎What wedding?
‎I sent an invite ages ago. ‎You didn't even pick up my calls.
‎Oh, my bad. I'll check right away.
‎PARK DO-JUN & YOO HYE-WON, ‎SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2026
‎CL RAYMOND HOTEL ‎3RD FLOOR, FORÊT NOIRE BALLROOM
‎What even is life?
‎I almost missed my best friend's wedding.
‎-It's in Jeju Island? ‎-Yes.
‎Good for you. ‎Treat it like a special holiday.
‎If you're going to Jeju, ‎you should try Grandma Chun-hui's.
‎Go and try the abalone, steamed conch,
‎sea urchin roe, and fresh sea squirts.
‎Eat all you can and even more for me.
‎Hello, ma'am.
‎This way, please.
‎HOUSE OF HAENA ‎A HAENYEO'S DREAM TAKES FLIGHT
‎AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
‎Hello.
‎Your recent New York collection ‎was a great success.
‎The dress you collaborated on ‎with celebrity Heidi Markle
‎was especially a massive hit.
‎Yes, it was inspired by ‎Korean folk paintings.
‎It's a perfect mix of Asian sensibilities ‎and modern values,
‎and it represents everything ‎that I'm known for.
‎Could you give us a bit more info ‎on the concept of this show?
‎Yes, about that.
‎Why don't you ‎see it for yourself at the show?
‎You'll write lots of nice things ‎about it, right?
‎Thank you. Hae-na Jung is incredibly busy.
‎Shall we head to the show venue now?
‎Thank you for coming.
‎Enjoy the meal as well.
‎Hey, Do-jun.
‎-Gang-uk, you made it. ‎-Hey, man.
‎You got here on time.
‎I'm sorry, work has been crazy lately.
‎You should take it slow, you know.
‎-Congratulations. ‎-Hello, thank you.
‎You can let go now.
‎Yeah, sorry. I'm just nervous.
‎Why don't you spend the night ‎while you're here?
‎I can't. I have to get back.
‎I got a free night at a suite here ‎in the wedding package.
‎I can't use it ‎because I'm leaving for my honeymoon.
‎-Just take the room. ‎-No way. That's too much.
‎-Mr. Park? ‎-Yes. I'm coming.
‎-The room is yours, okay? ‎-Hey.
‎-I put it in your name. ‎-Hey, Do-jun.
‎Spend the night.
‎Congratulations, Do-jun!
‎That punk.
‎Please wait a moment.
‎She's here.
‎Kang Min-hwan?
‎-It's been a really long time. ‎-You recognized me.
‎I was worried you wouldn't.
‎You're the one ‎my grandma wanted me to meet?
‎Yes. I contacted her.
‎Come on.
‎Friends don't have to shake hands.
‎When did you come back to Korea?
‎Last year.
‎I was pretty busy getting things on track.
‎I'm not surprised.
‎How are you doing?
‎I wanted to reach out to you sooner,
‎but I was worried
‎that if I contacted you too often
‎I'd be reminded of Ji-hwan?
‎That wasn't all it was, ‎but it was part of it.
‎I don't see why either of us
‎should keep mentioning him.
‎What was that my grandma told me about?
‎Was it your idea?
‎Yeah.
‎As you know, our main businesses ‎are leisure and resorts.
‎We may lack in management capabilities ‎when we first branch into hotels.
‎You learn by gaining experience,
‎and that's how you become competitive.
‎That's true.
‎But if we get some help ‎from a global hotel chain,
‎we'd become better known ‎in a shorter period.
‎We started off with a partnership, ‎and we're doing pretty well so far.
‎Once we're sure we're well-recognized
‎and that we have ‎a competitive edge within the market,
‎that's when we end the contract.
‎What do you think? ‎Isn't it a pretty sound deal?
‎That's the choice CL Group made.
‎I'm going to run Reina Hotel my way.
‎It's a flat-out rejection.
‎How about this then?
‎Think of it as visiting a friend's home
‎and spend a night at our hotel.
‎If you head right back to Seoul,
‎your grandmother will think ‎I'm incompetent.
‎We have a deal.
‎"House of Haena"?
‎Hae-na Jung?
‎Do you want to meet her?
‎Her designs aren't my style.
‎Isn't she the best in her field?
‎Hello, sir.
‎Oh, hello.
‎Can we see the dresses for the show today?
‎Oh, the dresses?
‎They're not open to the public.
‎But for you, we can make an exception.
‎This way, please.
‎Sorry, I have to take this.
‎Hello, Kang Min-hwan speaking.
‎Yes.
‎Oh, right.
‎You're drawn to that one?
‎I'm Hae-na Jung.
‎You're CEO Cheon Yeo-ri, right?
‎I wondered about you ‎because you're rarely in the public eye.
‎So this is what you look like.
‎This is a mermaid-style dress ‎inspired by ‎haenyeo,‎ Korean female divers.
‎Haenyeo‎ and the Little Mermaid.
‎That sounds a bit sad,
‎but also nice.
‎"Sad, but also nice."
‎What combination is that?
‎The Little Mermaid was
‎a sad bride who had no choice ‎but to turn to bubbles.
‎I like that it has a story.
‎It feels different from the previous works
‎by House of Haena.
‎The seafood here ‎really is on a different level.
‎By the way, where's Grandma Chun-hui?
‎Pil-dong told me to say hi for him.
‎She comes in sparingly these days.
‎She's been acting strange ‎since her granddaughter lost her job.
‎Maybe that's why.
‎She hasn't been able to dive much either.
‎Why talk about it when it's not good news?
‎Why don't you join me?
‎You eat all you want.
‎MA GANG-UK
‎Why won't anything come up?
‎-Excuse me. ‎-Sure.
‎Yes, this is the front desk.
‎Oh, yes, sir.
‎The Royal Suite?
‎Yes, sir.
‎-Okay, I can confirm your booking. ‎-Great.
‎-I'm sorry you had to wait. ‎-That's fine.
‎Thank you.
‎Yeah, I just checked in.
‎No, I didn't run away. I'm here.
‎Hey, thanks for this.
‎All right. Enjoy your honeymoon.
‎Bye.
‎Am I allowed to stay here on my own?
‎I'm sorry to bother you ‎when I could manage on my own.
‎Not at all.
‎Mr. Kang told me many times ‎to provide you with the best service.
‎Please enjoy your stay.
‎What was that?
‎Do five-star hotels like this ‎get broken into?
‎No, wait.
‎Maybe five-star hotels ‎are more likely targets.
‎Am I being too sensitive?
‎"Seoul, Daejeon, Daegu, Busan,"
‎"Gwanghwamun Love Song,"
‎"Busan Vacance‎"
‎This just isn't fair.
‎How could they follow me ‎all the way to Jeju Island?
‎Or is it a local ghost?
‎All right.
‎It's so exhausting.
‎What the hell?
‎Who are you?
‎Are you a stalker, not a prosecutor?
‎You're the one who broke into my room!
‎What are you on about?
‎I'm so sorry. It was our mistake.
‎It was all my fault.
‎When you checked in yesterday
‎The Royal Suite?
‎The CEO called and I just
‎MA GANG-UK
‎I'm sorry.
‎-I'm really sorry. ‎-It's fine.
‎Did I graze him ‎while moving about in bed last night?
‎Did we make contact?
‎What then? That would be a disaster.
‎Should I ask?
‎Excuse me.
‎Did you and I
‎-I mean, was there anything physical or ‎-Why?
‎Are you going to sue me ‎for coming onto you or something?
‎Why would you put it like that?
‎I'm only asking if my hand touched you--
‎Back then, on the mountain that night.
‎You claimed aggravated assault ‎when I grabbed your sleeve.
‎If I say you touched me, ‎you'll accuse me for coming onto you.
‎Besides, what do you take me for?
‎You're not at all my type.
‎I'm asking out of concern.
‎I don't even care what your type is.
‎Sure.
‎I asked out of concern for his well-being.
‎Who cares if he sees ghosts or not?
‎Watch your step when you get on.
‎Oh, no!
‎Watch out!
‎My goodness.
‎Oh, gosh.
‎Yeo-ri!
‎Yeo-ri, are you all right?
‎Oh, yes, I'm fine.
‎-Are you hurt? ‎-I'm okay.
‎-Do you need to see a doctor? ‎-No.
‎-I think he needs ‎-Why is he taking all the credit?
‎I'm so sorry.
‎I let go of the suitcase ‎to look after my son. I'm sorry.
‎It's fine.
‎-Were you hurt? ‎-No.
‎I'm really sorry.
‎You must've been scared too.
‎-Yes. ‎-It's okay now.
‎-Thank you. ‎-Sure.
‎Say thank you before we go.
‎-Hey-- ‎-Good job.
‎Good job with what?
‎I'm thanking you.
‎Yeo-ri could've been badly hurt.
‎Here's a voucher for a free stay.
‎It's a token of my gratitude.
‎You're going way overboard for nothing.
‎I'm not saying this ‎because I want recognition,
‎but I threw myself in harm's way ‎for Ms. Cheon.
‎So why are you going overboard about it?
‎If Yeo-ri gets hurt,
‎it's the same as me getting hurt.
‎If you need anything,
‎call me at any time.
‎CEO KANG MIN-HWAN
‎Hey.
‎I really could've gotten hurt.
‎Thank you.
‎Well, sure. ‎You don't need to thank me anymore.
‎But I would've done the same for anyone.
‎Let's go.
‎Okay.
‎"If Yeo-ri gets hurt,
‎it's the same as me getting hurt."
‎Sir, it was a terrible mistake ‎to check a guest into the wrong suite,
‎but firing someone over it
‎is too harsh a penalty.
‎Both I and this young man ‎will make sure it never happens again.
‎-Please don't fire him-- ‎-"Young man"?
‎He's your subordinate.
‎A team has joint responsibility, ‎so when a staff member messes up,
‎-the superior also pays. ‎-Yes, sir.
‎This incident made me see you ‎in a different light.
‎Our company has ‎a fairly high bar for promotions,
‎but this has made me start to have doubts.
‎What if this wasn't a mistake,
‎but your limit?
‎That was the first friend I invited ‎since opening the hotel.
‎How incompetent do you think I looked?
‎You see, that actually hurt my pride.
‎I'm sorry, sir.
‎Could you find it within yourself ‎to show some mercy and lenience?
‎Let's do this then.
‎Resign from our hotel, ‎and I'll find you a job at another one.
‎The same goes for the young man.
‎I'm here to see my granddaughter.
‎She used to work at this company, ‎and she said she'd be here today.
‎-Da-mi, where are you? ‎-Take a seat, ma'am.
‎-We should get someone. ‎-Your grandma's here.
‎Da-mi!
‎We need you to leave.
‎-Da-mi, where are you? ‎-Excuse me.
‎-Where ‎-Give me a minute.
‎You're Grandma Chun-hui, right?
‎My goodness, aren't you Prosecutor Ma?
‎I was afraid I wouldn't get to see you.
‎What's the matter?
‎Prosecutor Ma.
‎You reported that your granddaughter Da-mi ‎didn't come home last night,
‎but the police thinks ‎she ran away from home?
‎But you remembered her saying ‎before she left
‎that she'd attend the fashion show ‎being held at this hotel,
‎-so you came to look for her? ‎-That's right.
‎She won't answer her phone.
‎I'm dead worried ‎something happened to her.
‎She'd been acting strange ‎the past few days.
‎Did she say anything about meeting anyone?
‎She only said
‎she was going to the hotel ‎to see someone's event.
‎Prosecutor Ma.
‎Will you please find Da-mi for me?
‎Could I take a look around her room?
‎Come on in.
‎Take all the time you need.
‎I'll get you something to eat.
‎Gosh, why did the car brake ‎all of a sudden?
‎I'm sorry, ma'am.
‎It's fine.
‎I have a favor to ask.
‎Skim through it fast. Thanks.
‎Can I see the footage ‎from that camera too?
‎You've been at it for an hour.
‎Didn't you say you wouldn't be long?
‎You acted so magnanimous earlier, ‎that I could call at any time.
‎Can we go forward from here?
‎A bit more.
‎More.
‎Go further.
‎Stop!
‎Right there.
‎Rewind just a bit from here.
‎Just a bit. A bit more.
‎That's it. Now skim right ahead.
‎Keep going. Keep on going.
‎More. A bit more.
‎A bit more.
‎Right there.
‎Zoom into that shot.
‎Our cameras don't have that function.
‎They don't?
‎This isn't one of your offices.
‎Can you please leave now?
‎I saw all I needed. Thank you.
‎Sure.
‎I located the taxi ‎and emailed you the details.
‎I asked the local police ‎for assistance too.
‎Can you tell me what's going on?
‎All right.
‎I'll call you back in a bit.
‎This is where the taxi dropped her off.
‎What is that woman doing down there?
‎-Excuse me? ‎-Oh, shoot.
‎Life is very precious ‎if you think about it.
‎Huh?
‎What are you doing here this time?
‎Did you have to make me jump like that?
‎What are you doing here on your own, ‎looking all gloomy?
‎It's nothing.
‎Don't mind me.
‎Just go on your way.
‎SPOOKY IN LOVE
‎I just can't seem to make sense of it.
‎How did you know where to go?
‎It wasn't a coincidence, was it?
‎Do you still see ghosts or something?
‎You know that when it comes to succession,
‎it's not just about blood.
‎You want me to step down ‎when I indicted him?
‎I swear on my life ‎that I'll help you take over Reina.
‎If I reveal the truth about that,
‎Grandma will give up the idea ‎of letting you take over.
‎I don't plan to wait for long.
‎Dispel the rumor yourself, ‎with a marriage.
‎It's Prosecutor Ma Gang-uk.
‎-Ms. Cheon? ‎-Who are you?
‎We shared a bed.
‎-They must have a thing. ‎-They're playing hard to get.
‎Why does he have my gloves?
‎I did that without my gloves?
‎Do you happen to see things ‎you weren't able to before?
‎He's in my home right now.
‎He came all the way to my home.
‎Subtitle translation by: Jennifer Jean Lim